Backend Project Proposals:

1.	A profile app that has several “fill-in-the-blank” forms that pet owners can describe their pets in. It will allow for a log in for each owner/client (as well as for an admin log in) and also include multiple folders that hold the forms of each pet that person has. Each owner will also be able to upload files for their pets as well, such as medical/vet files, rabies/vaccination files, state licensing files, certifications etc. The information will then be sent to a database that is easy to understand for the pet care company owner. Certain parts of the forms will also be uploaded into files that are accessible on the cloud for company employees to access through their phones at anytime. May also have components that also synch to Google calendar.

2.	A booking app that allows clients to schedule their own two-hour time frames each week. A calendar system that will also send that info to the company owner, who can confirm all scheduled appointments. Will have a note section that will be highlighted if used, so that pet owners can add information, such as important that pet be visited on the earlier or later side, or possibly feeding and/or medical instructions for a specific visit. Will have to figure out how to incorporate/deal with multiple employee and appointment time overlaps. Must be able to synch with Google Maps for employees and on a master calendar system used by company owner. Should send out a receipt once confirmed by admin, via email, to clients stating exact time stamps, as not to cause confusion when things might go wrong.

3.	A test log app that helps someone experimenting with a new discipline to record their notes easily and affectively over a long period of time. This would need to have a very easy interface where the user can set up different categories that affect the outcome of their product. Then they would easily be able to enter information and measurements (with several different measurement converters also, depending on the type of project) into these categories. There would also be a results section and date section for when things are created and how they came out based on the differing measurements/categories. Any and all results sections pertaining to a specific project could be instantly converted into a graph to easily show progress reports on tasks being done. Eventually turn into a shared community and have pre-made templates provided by app for repeat projects that seem to be done regularly. 

For example:

a)	Tracking soap making. Soap measurements vary, as well as ingredients used, and may take a long time to cure and actually produce. The outcomes tend to vary widely.

b)	Tracking mead making. Mead measurements and ingredients greatly vary, and the process is long and takes up to months to ferment, as well as differing filtering processes.

c)	Tracking sewing garments. Sewing a garment usually takes several steps and often, multiple tried before it is successful. Tracking fabrics used, yards of fabric or trim and buttons, certain seam placements, how many times a garment had to be taken in and by how much, wearability and sewing tricks learned along the way. 
